You release spirits into the physical world. Except for quest specific ones, they don’t show up in that deck unless you release them? Maybe using a certain Yokai card will cause other cards to be shuffled into the event deck.

You could play as priests or shrine maidens of a small shrine? Use that as your home base? Exorcists?

Boss battles

Duel- back and forth. 4-way board??? How would that work? With magnet blocks and tiles on top? Could you push, pull, and shift them? Tiles could work too? Or dice? Collect dice that way

Go to naturally spiritual places and shrines, and gather spiritual resources. These ca be used while you’re traveling to deal with things that come up.

Get cards for your deck/hand when traveling? When you get to certain special places do main thing? Different styles of gameplay for different activities but related?

Spirits kind of like Djinn? Different combos do different things for you?

Music? Alchemy? Different things for different classes?

Can move cards from bottom of column to bottom of another column?

For adventure game, use similar mechanics applied to different types of situations (e.g. travel, fighting, fishing, etc.

Combine spirit wisps to create or summon creatures? Share center deck, pull cards your direction? Middle space and everyone has their own decks so you can do 4 players?

Can combo off of your opponent’s color matches? Some cards could be dual color or wild!

Can plant bad cards in your enemy’s, that have bad effects when drawn?

Maybe having color matches on the board allows you to play specific cards

Could have both place cards (locations) that don’t move around and others that do? Have a base of location cards making the map, then play other cards on top of them? Have a token representing you that gets move around? Locations face down until you reach them?

Main deck, lots of nature cards. Rocks, trees, cliffs, rivers, hills, etc. lanterns, shrines, etc. can be occupied by spirits and such. Sometimes draw one and put it facedown under a card?

Travel there and back again? Move up and down the cards?

Take some cards and leave them in front of you? Could try to build up to something but could backfire.

Some global effect cards like time of day/weather that can affect things

Chance deck, draw from when certain triggers are met (e.g. getting 3 of the same color in a row? Or certain card effects have you draw cards from there

Do you need your own deck? Probably. Can you take a card from the bottom of a column and put it in your hand or add it to your deck? Can only interact with the bottom card?

When drawing for a specific color, you may end up with another card first that slips or stops you from drawing the other one.

Magic style colors? Chrono Cross

Have creatures and characters that are neutral, but can be possessed by Yokai. May be risky to pull more cards, could be a Yokai.

Either use card ability, place it on board OR spend it to acquire something?

Some Quacks inspiration?

Goal cards? Want to end up with a certain type of setup? Certain combinations of cards?

Have cards attached that instruct you to draw a blessing or curse card when certain requirements are met? Could’ve a good or bad outcome? Gate cards? Chance cards?

Have positive and negative (or light and dark or something) supernatural decks? Different? Could be just one deck, but sometimes asked to draw until you reveal a certain type.

Put your cards in reserve for later?

Start with deck building game first. Expand to adventure game later.

Discard conditions on cards?

A chase game? On the run/trying to get away?

Sometimes cards go to in pursuit deck, other times the go to your persona deck?

Draw a card from the pursuit deck for any enemies who can currently see you

Look at radiant historia combat- can push/move enemies around, get rid of entire columns or rows.

When hurt, take a wound card and put it into your deck. If drawn, has negative effect for that turn. Have ways of removing wounds.

Choose what column to move down, whenever you draw a card?

First have line of cards at top row, all upside down. If you want, can move closer, which makes the row move down and be revealed. Maybe it’s a deck of cards at the top row?can choose to reveal cards? Fewer columns usually? Only 3?

1 map, 1 main goal every time. But you can choose other goals along the way, and different cards get added to different decks based on your choices, making the journey very different each time. have goals be kind of like goals in Villainous?

Samurai, Ninja, spy, exorcist, craftsman

1. Figure out moment-to-moment gameplay/individual area map gameplay
2. Come up with more locations/cards/gimmicks


Can have resistance or immunity to perception, strength, and spirit?

Have presence determined by number of cads you play? May want to draw more, but this also draws more attention? 

Do your characters also have sight? If you can’t see what a character is but need to see its sight stat, have that sticking out at the top of a covering card? Only in areas with cover?

Like SoI mastery cards with different abilities based on something? But based on character stats?

Use a ma or just quest/location cards?

Pilgrimage? Refugees? Mercenaries? Freelancers? Exploring Japan/going to famous sites? Japan paying taxes?

Have 1 bigger goal and smaller goals that help you work towards that.

Some cards can banish for an extra effect?

Character card(s)- wounds on specific body parts? Temporarily cat use those types of actions?

Could have a daytime and nighttime deck?

In pursuit deck! Or some kind of delayed but coming deck. Can discard undesirable cards into your main deck and they’ll be back soon, or give them the slip and have them end up in the delayed deck.

Rulebook
Map
Book
Library of cards
Dice?

Multiple levels of decks that show how close or far something is? 
1. General area deck
2. Alerted deck (if you interacted with something from its row or that draws the attention of specific cards) 
3. In pursuit deck
4. Personal decks

* When you go to a new area, populate the area deck based on the cards you are instructed to add
* As you travel through an area, you will draw cards from the area deck. You can try to slip past and discard them if there is nothing you want to interact with, or you can bring all revealed cards closer. Some cards may be able to help you give enemies the slip/move them further back.
* When you leave an area, return all cards not in your persona decks.
* Some cards you may stumble upon, e.g. they get placed close to you immediately. Some may attack you, others may try to run away from you/you need to actively pursue. Sometimes you may want to draw one enemy closer so you can fight it alone. At

Book that has different areas on different pages! That’s where you place your cards. Different amount of spots for placing cards and such. Spot on map has a page number or something. Pages specify any special area rules/goals and how to set up area deck.

Either cards directly on board or use tokens? Token explanations on page?

Narrow corridor or something may require you to get past enemies (or lure them out)


* Main goals
    * Sense of exploration, adventure, and discovery.
    * Emergent stories, possibility of unexpected, surprising things happening.
    * Your choices determine what kind of adventure you have
    * Adapt experiences from exploring in Japan
        * Bird delivering fish
        * There and back again (tunnel)
        * Looking at map/choosing a location to try traveling to
        * Revisiting areas, going further the next time from home base (also like DQ1)
        * Find something ancient
        * Find something refreshing
        * Find a souvenir
        * Find something that looks haunted
        * Find a friend
        * Find a scary creature

No set story, you write your own story. Literally. Keep a log between sessions.

30 minute quests? Make it easy to continue from where you were? Look at Lands of Galzyr 

Variable quests kind of like madlibs? Draw certain types of cards for the quest?

Consequences. Temporary and long-term changes. Have spots in the over world and travel boards for far states like weather?

Library of cards with set order (for easy lookup) and save slots. Quests and such can direct you to grab specific numbered cards and add them to certain spots or decks. Could have numbered tokens to put on the board that correspond with specific cards. Could be upside down?

* Weather deck. Standard and special weather effects can be added in. Time of day deck too. Can cycle through (draw next card) or have cards that tell you to draw a specific weather condition (or do something with the weather deck). Spot in library segregated for weather
* Time of day deck. Can be manipulated to speed up or slow down time, go backwards, make it always night, etc.
* Event deck- starts out pretty small? Mainly gets filled/emptied based on your choices. Personal and world events? Just personal event decks? Kind of deck-building-y? Maybe different characters/classes have different starting decks? Can choose to draw more cards for the round, but you won’t know if you’ll get more enemies or things to help.
* Center deck like ascension?
* Can defeat enemies and banish them or run away and shuffle them back into the deck? 
* Character tray for keeping

Big choices
* Set maps or procedural?
    * Maybe set? Event cards change up how things go?
    * World map, paths from one place to another have sub-maps where the main gameplay take place. Some paths more dangerous.
* Character creation/selection or no?

Can pull enemies that stay gone or have a den or something where more enemies respawn when you come back?

Location deck. Can move forward and backward? Branching paths
Create location deck from quest card? Like Doonlings
There and back again
Adventures in Japan as inspiration
Branching path choices
Board with location spots / branches? Put cards or tiles into it
Buildup to bigger adventures? May want to turn back or you could lose everything you currently have?

Dragon Quest home base sort of thing.

Could have items and enemies and such mixed in with areas. You could keep drawing cards until you get a location, then everything drawn before is at the location?

Weather (e.g. downpour)

Goals- reach location? Get item? Make delovery? Escort?

Event cards with choices? Some choices may lead to shuffling other cards in the event deck. Or the same card may be shuffled back in (or discarded)

Some cards may have you put them out, then get triggered if the same type of card is drawn again.

Focus on having bad things happen as a result of your choices.

Bridge troll

Make someone mad and get cursed
See something shiny, look into it or not.

Some cards that stay out. May continue to add cards to the event deck until dealt with, or have a continuous effect (e.g. weather)

Decide what items to start with, can use and find more on trip

Pilgrimage?

Edo Japan and Yokai? Could do multiple mythologies for different games?

Scenario- take a specific location deck, have stage 1, stage 2, 3a, 3b, etc. mix specific kinds of cards into specific stages of the deck. Draw cards until getting a location. The other cards are placed with that location.  Could be nothing. Put locations in a line. Slightly overlapping if need be. Put other cards above or below the locations they go with. Sometimes a branch. 

Base location deck, 
Character deck
Attribute deck
Object deck
Event deck

Initially just mix location deck with some event cards? Event cards lead to drawing other cards? Or location deck and event deck side by side? Draw a location, draw an event, then set up?

Areas built out of cards or set foldout maps?

Get titles that affect what you can/can’t do later? TotKoL? These and certain items carry forward?

Can find food items, use them to regain stamina or use them to distract creatures. Hand size limit. If you need to discard an item it will stay at the location where you left it.

Card types
* Player Board
    * Stamina
    * Inventory
* Location 
    * Road
    * Beast den
        * Draw and place 2 beasts here
    * Crossroads
        * Draw 2 location cards
* Character